Updated missed roll data (#835)
MetaMorphic-Digital/draw-steel: src/docs/Enrichers.md

- [&ZeroWidthSpace;[/damage formula=3d6 type=acid]]: You can also specify which parts are which to avoid ambiguity.
- [&ZeroWidthSpace;[/damage 3d6 type=acid/poison]]: If you specify the `type` parameter you can use a `/` or `|` to indicate "or".
- [&ZeroWidthSpace;[/damage 3d6 fire & 2d6 cold]]: You can join any number of damage rolls together in one enricher by using &.

> - [&ZeroWidthSpace;[/damage @monster.freeStrike]]: This will display the selected actors free strike damage as an `Apply Damage` button, which can be used repeadetly multiple times for example for a minion squad. Alternativel you can use `[[/damage 8*monster.freeStrike]]` to display the selected actor's free strike damage times 8 (or any other number) to emulate multiple minions striking at once

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [&ZeroWidthSpace;[/damage @monster.freeStrike]]: This will display the selected actors free strike damage as an `Apply Damage` button, which can be used multiple times for example for a minion squad. You can also use `[[/damage 8*monster.freeStrike]]` to display the selected actor's free strike damage times 8 (or any other number) to emulate multiple minions striking at once.
```
